a characteristic of the first phase is not on the day of death the boys
without fear of kicking from long distance and very hit an old disaffected since
your comment
goal
I still think this is
hi chi
rio - a llx
of cds
first time or I talked about the long distance kicks the carlyle and
received within the area received alone with left foot to celebrate
I'm going to the beach on the water that I grow
I would go b
to read while the south the right foot know that there is no crossing ball
to the area
ol
cassol
1 flávio engº
a goal and for the celebration
the ball that left the left
to the 22 minutes took very well in the ball the diary of sherry and gave to celebrate with
friends on the bench he is good with the left foot was good the
articulated
well one more time
Why the flamengo the ball came to
there are up to the top 30
the scorer of the goals
here already tv
in green discard
all and viaducts of this century
with Carlos's team
I think it's the last minute every ball lost crossing to the area here
brook pi category
it seemed that he was playing with the fi as he came to dictate right in the corner
Left from the goalkeeper, he's gone to the country ball, nothing can make him win
right here the city of macaws
we went from 30
the death if the biennium boats with tributary load but left kick of the face of the
goal but if it ends up going back to work
goal
a certainty
expensive
saw
on a note d
the category
every year for you in the 30 minute mark of the second half
Lydia falls on her left foot
in the same way as the first ticket in which they died with the right foot